yeah that's good i haven't someone ran
like halo 2 all over yes tell me close
so we just lifts up his head that's fine
he's used to it yeah and he doesn't
really slow to girls it's like he's an
MPC you just like sees you in like oh
okay come over here i'm gonna try to be
an egg while he's doing give me thinking
hey on the ghost he is trying a third
person again here what okay i walked
right into that i never any fucking
cyber fuckin turn around no the good guy
got a old me killed me so he could be
alone in the spawn with me I quit real
I'm in here with you yeah this is the
guy that fucking killed me look okay i
press the wrong button i just sprinted
it right off the edge where's where's
the guy i hear him he's dead I died kill
me and then killed himself so he could
be alone in this phone with me they say
killed James in a good way yeah me died
already I thought Thea Jackson having
Kevin lesbian it i'll try to stab
someone i right clicked and I was a
fight everyone no no I'm generated and I
greatly loaded up like last reptar come
to me reverb Joe what's back it up and
shit let's see if he does it over here
yeah did he do it huh will he do it he's
probably okay no now he's like shaking
always doing it uh he'll probably hurts
my eyes Sly's the ghost you're gonna
hear him laughing and shit as he tries
to stab people Oh what that oh wow a
betrayal already that's very nice good
you know that's gonna be good huh what's
gonna be good it's okay cuz I was
ignorance i'ma get it yes be up there
come on yanks I'm
watching everybody stopped for me
everybody's up no thanks our chance to
kill him everything so I get over here
it's an potshots all peaches
everything's peaches would you run to I
know I fucked you up pretty good you are
too boy come on fight me I'm tree I
gonna eat a bad it is yeah someone asked
if we were called ding no well good
night look out uh fight me holy shit
where'd that come from oh my god I'm the
best oh it was that I got it why do you
always have to kill me Kevin with the
fuck salving took a fucking fanboy Oh
28.6 28.6 James hit him like turn times
there's no I had him at least four or
five times what I'm shoot I just saw him
Chuck a grenade I / grenade I was going
all in all or not this discuss I try to
stop them the same reason I feed in
league all or nothing oh go Sonic mid or
feed ya know that you know anyone wanna
pick with replicas like many guys in the
same corner every every round oh it's
tom addicts fuck you kids up there
goodnight in the middle yeah Stephen hey
it was a dumb what Stephen I guess I you
so much it's a little bit what me for a
while you fucking shit haha hey reptar
jump was stronger oh my god I keep
thinking the jump stronger I have one
hundred percent chance at becoming the
ghost this round I got a picture dude
could have been perfect you had the
potential give me thank fuck is it gonna
be now it's gonna be me it's me whatever
I got a double steal never one hundred
percent chance I must have hit him when
I threw a grenade up in that Tower oh I
took a picture rip
yeah yes steven is a hundred picture of
the victim Oh Elfi selfie oh oh shit ah
this is unbelievable you're such a
fuckup ur's you are naughty hey why did
you jump off off not once or twice sit
in I thought I just began to German job
I expect to jump to be stronger but then
it's like no I fell out a gap again awe
and fell off the mat you need more
practice is ahead in bra mmm Saharan I'm
hearing people did you tie again I hear
my coupon you buy that I'm Kevin I
stabbed him skylands yeah we're trying
not to fall off the map haha Papa
paparazzi haha I'm the bigger oh wow why
is everybody so bad in this level but I
don't know what the deal with the ghost
on this level we're just fucking ending
this in like two minutes I alright last
last time there's a lot match last match
guys last match any way to the other
thing that we said we're gonna do enter
what's that gonna be I'll tell you I'll
give you a hand gonna do some job yeah
are there gonna be penises yeah yeah oh
that's actually against the terms of
service oh so began if I'd be unfit here
or to you know it's against the terms of
service but it had their happen anyway
well they're gonna be DS this yes I
wanted to be the ghost that person goes
right thing I do Oh buddy rappin was he
trying throw a grenade Oh donate down oh
right oh and I'm like damn I'm still him
up this power that's how I got that's
why I hit uh Kevin
oh he got me fight him yeah ah ok even
ok I don't know what happened Kevin
these are out areas are out here hater
dead I'm dead I'll go everyone's dead
fucking whoa oh shit now that we're all
done oh yes it is you want to see my
neck I heard you like your hair so cool
cat poke it alright guys well thank you
so much for watching and I yeah thank
you so much 24 thank you watching me die
thousands of times and it's for ensuring
that is rendering that pain thanks for
joining us bye goodbye